README.md, before:

# Dotfiles

## Overview

This repo contains dotfiles for a development environment setup, including Vim and tmux configurations. It includes a utility ([dfm](https://github.com/justone/dfm)) to help with managing and updating your dotfiles.

## Using this repo

### If you just want to use the dotfiles...

```bash
$ cd ~
$ git clone https://github.com/ahartz1/dotfiles.git .dotfiles
$ ./.dotfiles/bin/dfm install  # creates symlinks to install files
```

### If you want to make changes...

First, fork this repo.

Then, add your dotfiles:

```bash
$ cd ~
$ git clone git@github.com:username/dotfiles.git .dotfiles
$ cd .dotfiles
$  # edit files
$  # edit files
$ git push origin master
```

Finally, to install your dotfiles onto a new system:

```bash
$ cd ~
$ git clone git@github.com:username/dotfiles.git .dotfiles
$ ./.dotfiles/bin/dfm install  # creates symlinks to install files
```

## Full documentation

For more information, check out the [wiki](http://github.com/justone/dotfiles/wiki).

You can also run

```bash
~/.dotfiles/bin/dfm --help
```

## Resources for Vim

 * To get Vim running properly, you must have first installed my dotfiles (or at least the Vim-related files) and run the dfm install command

```bash
$ ~/.dotfiles/bin/dfm install
```

 * You also must be running Vim 7.4.x or greater to allow the `2nd user vimrc` location to be set by default (to `~/.vim/vimrc`). On OS&nbsp;X / MacOS, this can be done with homebrew:

```bash
$ brew install vim
```
 * For vim-airline to correctly display symbols in the lower status bar, you will need to install a patched font. There are many choices in powerline's [fonts folder](https://github.com/powerline/fonts). However, I prefer Menlo (which is the default font in Atom and isn't in powerline's folder), so I used the patched version [here](https://gist.github.com/qrush/1595572). Navigate to the font in Finder, double click on it, and install it.
 * Once installed, you must change your Terminal or iTerm2 profile font settings to use it.
 * For the Solarized theme to work best in iTerm2, download the [iTerm2 color settings](https://github.com/altercation/solarized/tree/master/iterm2-colors-solarized) and load them in iTerm2 (in OS&nbsp;X / MacOS, just double-click the itermcolors file). Note that once it is loaded, you must then select it in your Profile's 'Colors' tab.
 * Install Vundle, the Vim plugin manager:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/Vundle.vim
```

 * Then launch Vim and type `:PluginInstall`
 * For syntastic to perform syntax checks on JavaScript, you will need to install jshint (using [npm](http://npmjs.com)):

```bash
$ sudo npm install -g jshint
```

## Resources for tmux

 * For tmux to work as configured in these dotfiles, you will need to install `tmux` and, if you are on OS&nbsp;X / MacOS, also `reattach-to-user-namespace`.

```bash
$ brew install tmux reattach-to-user-namespace
```
 * Then, you'll need to install the tmux plugin manager.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm ~/.tmux/plugins/tpm
```

## Configuring italics in iTerm2

These dotfiles include support of italics in iTerm2, but you will need to adjust iTerm2's settings to get it working.

 * For the Profile in question, go to the 'Text' tab and select the 'Use different font for non-ASCII text'; select your powerline font for this. For the normal Font, select a standard mono-spaced font that has support of italics (e.g., Menlo).
 * Next, in that same Profile's 'Terminal' tab, modify the 'Report Terminal Type' field to be `xterm-256color-italic` (note you can just type into this box, it is not purely a dropdown).

Commit message:

Add directions to install tmux plugins

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles

## Overview

This repo contains dotfiles for a development environment setup, including Vim and tmux configurations. It includes a utility ([dfm](https://github.com/justone/dfm)) to help with managing and updating your dotfiles.

## Using this repo

### If you just want to use the dotfiles...

```bash
$ cd ~
$ git clone https://github.com/ahartz1/dotfiles.git .dotfiles
$ ./.dotfiles/bin/dfm install  # creates symlinks to install files
```

### If you want to make changes...

First, fork this repo.

Then, add your dotfiles:

```bash
$ cd ~
$ git clone git@github.com:username/dotfiles.git .dotfiles
$ cd .dotfiles
$  # edit files
$  # edit files
$ git push origin master
```

Finally, to install your dotfiles onto a new system:

```bash
$ cd ~
$ git clone git@github.com:username/dotfiles.git .dotfiles
$ ./.dotfiles/bin/dfm install  # creates symlinks to install files
```

## Full documentation

For more information, check out the [wiki](http://github.com/justone/dotfiles/wiki).

You can also run

```bash
~/.dotfiles/bin/dfm --help
```

## Resources for Vim

 * To get Vim running properly, you must have first installed my dotfiles (or at least the Vim-related files) and run the dfm install command

```bash
$ ~/.dotfiles/bin/dfm install
```

 * You also must be running Vim 7.4.x or greater to allow the `2nd user vimrc` location to be set by default (to `~/.vim/vimrc`). On OS&nbsp;X / MacOS, this can be done with homebrew:

```bash
$ brew install vim
```
 * For vim-airline to correctly display symbols in the lower status bar, you will need to install a patched font. There are many choices in powerline's [fonts folder](https://github.com/powerline/fonts). However, I prefer Menlo (which is the default font in Atom and isn't in powerline's folder), so I used the patched version [here](https://gist.github.com/qrush/1595572). Navigate to the font in Finder, double click on it, and install it.
 * Once installed, you must change your Terminal or iTerm2 profile font settings to use it.
 * For the Solarized theme to work best in iTerm2, download the [iTerm2 color settings](https://github.com/altercation/solarized/tree/master/iterm2-colors-solarized) and load them in iTerm2 (in OS&nbsp;X / MacOS, just double-click the itermcolors file). Note that once it is loaded, you must then select it in your Profile's 'Colors' tab.
 * Install Vundle, the Vim plugin manager:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/Vundle.vim
```

 * Then launch Vim and type `:PluginInstall`
 * For syntastic to perform syntax checks on JavaScript, you will need to install jshint (using [npm](http://npmjs.com)):

```bash
$ sudo npm install -g jshint
```

## Resources for tmux

 * For tmux to work as configured in these dotfiles, you will need to install `tmux` and, if you are on OS&nbsp;X / MacOS, also `reattach-to-user-namespace`.

```bash
$ brew install tmux reattach-to-user-namespace
```
 * Then, you'll need to install the tmux plugin manager.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm ~/.tmux/plugins/tpm
```

 * I have configured the tmux prefix to be `Ctrl+s`. The first time you fire up tmux, use prefix + I to install the plugins. This will enable the session saving. If you activate session saving in vim using `:Obsession`, the tmux restoration process will reopen vim using the Session.vim present in the working directory, if it exists.

## Configuring italics in iTerm2

These dotfiles include support of italics in iTerm2, but you will need to adjust iTerm2's settings to get it working.

 * For the Profile in question, go to the 'Text' tab and select the 'Use different font for non-ASCII text'; select your powerline font for this. For the normal Font, select a standard mono-spaced font that has support of italics (e.g., Menlo).
 * Next, in that same Profile's 'Terminal' tab, modify the 'Report Terminal Type' field to be `xterm-256color-italic` (note you can just type into this box, it is not purely a dropdown).
